Just recently, we had a Jeremy's Inner
Circle mastermind right here at the new
facility. And we had not one, two,
three, four, but five total trophies
that we had given out to our award
winners. Three of which were $1 million
a month trophies. Two of which were $5
million a month trophies. The big silver
ones that you see here, those ones are
made of pure silver, and those are the
$5 million a month trophies. The ones
that you see that are gold, those are
the $1 million a month trophies. And in
this particular video, I'm going to talk
to you about the lessons of each one of
these five different trophy winners.
We're going to talk about the
commonalities amongst them all. We'll
talk about the specific funnels that
they use to get there. And I'll lightly
talk without revealing too much detail
out of respect for the trophy winners
privacies of their business model and
the fact that they share a lot of
intimate lessons with me. I'm not here
to sit here and air out their business.
I'm here to give you some common lessons
that these people share that you can
take away after you watch today's video.
So, welcome in if you're new to the
channel. That's all we talk about around
here is clearing million-dollar months.
We don't make any income claims, though.
We have no idea who the [__] you are and
whether you literally have any
probability to go out there and make
money, let alone this amount of money
that you see here. It's a very low
probability, according to the US Bureau
of Labor Statistics, that you ever hit
these big dog numbers. To crack 10
million a year, which isn't even a
million dollar a month. The US Bureau of
Labor Statistics claims that 0.1% of all
businesses ever achieve those numbers,
let alone the even smaller quantity of
people that hit a million dollars a
month and the way way smaller
probability that you'd ever clear $5
million a month in the lifetime since
2019 through right now as I sit here and
make this video of having Jeremy's inner
circle. I've given out a total of four
$5 million a month trophies. One of
which has since gone bankrupt. Just to
put it in perspective from how crazy
that business model was. I just can't
stress enough. I'm not sitting here
trying to say you're going to make a
fuckload of money by watching this
video. Just trying to hand down lessons
from these people since nobody really
talks about this kind of stuff
transparently. So, thanks for being
here. And of course, if you're already
subscriber, welcome back. Absolute
pleasure to have you. Without further
ado, let's get started. So, first of
all, the $5 million a month trophies are
pretty serious winners. And we'll start
with those two. Okay, so first of all,
I'm not going to say the names of these
particular people because everybody on
Earth is currently trying to copy their
specific model. It seems like every
single agency owner, course, and mentor
that existed abandoned trying to teach
the traditional agency model and started
to attempt to teach an agency AI model
where essentially instead of selling
traditional digital marketing services
and agency services, they're selling
essentially AI service implementation.
So that can be as simple as setting up
specific make and zap automations and
trying to call it AI or to be fair
leveraging AI throughout the zaps and
make make.com to be clear is what I'm
referencing by the way for those who
might not know about it. Anyway, long
story short, all the way over to like
NADN, simple things like, you know, LLM
structures and AI agents, there's all
kinds of stuff that an AI service can
technically sell. Moral of the story is
the first $5 million a month winner.
That is what they chose to do. They
historically had a model where they
taught agency owners and they were one
of the first, if not literally the first
that chose to pivot into this niche. And
it was a great move to do so. I don't
think it's nearly as great of a move, of
course, given the total quantity of
people that now sell that. It's becoming
just like the traditional agency course
model where there's arguably without
exaggeration probably low tens of
thousands or high thousands of people
that teach the agency model. Moral of
the story is and this is all I'm trying
to emphasize with these guys. Earlier
this year in January they were at 500k a
month. Okay, they got that $5 million a
month trophy. They finished July at $5
million a month which is truly [__]
insane. Just to put that in perspective.
Okay, can't stress that enough. The
emphasis I want to put on this just to
be extremely clear. The probability I
don't even know a number. I'm not going
to make up a number. You probably don't
know a [__] number. I don't know if
anybody knows the number of the odds of
taking a business from half a million a
month to 5 million a month in
technically a 7-month period of time.
But again, in terms of probabilities,
like it's got to be near impossible.
Okay, but they pulled it off and they
did it from a few key things that I want
to make sure I hand down. Okay, number
one was a big thing. They pivoted
offers, which surprisingly is something
that you don't really want to do because
there's a higher probability you're
going to reach success by tweaking
everything that's necessary with your
current offer, scaling your offer. But
there are certain things that when they
come around make a lot of sense to try
to latch on to if you manage to latch on
to one of the trends that actually
lasts. The issue is there's a lot of
stuff that comes around that's like a
flash in the pan. Like imagine, as an
example, you created an entire YouTube
channel around Lab Boooos, right? It's
like it's going to be a flash in the pan
kind of trend. Okay, and there's all
kinds a majority of trends are like
that, like lab boooos. Okay, there's a
minority of trends that come around
where they're going to ingrain
themselves into society forever. And AI
is a great example of that. Google
Trends is an example of this. You go
search right now anything in Google
Trends. Search AI against it. Like
whatever you think the most popular
things are possibly on Earth, search AI
against it in Google Trends. Take the
span of time over a 5year duration and
look at it yourself. Right? you attach
yourself to that kind of trend, that
number all of a sudden becomes far more
realistic because simply put, the growth
of the industry as a whole directly
determines the growth of your offer,
your business itself. There's a guy who
came in here to the facility recently.
He works out at the gym next door. Shout
out to him if he ever happens to be
watching this. He is a Roblox streamer.
And first of all, this guy's got [__]
crazy assets. His YouTube channels, by
the way, he had like seven or eight of
these things at a at the lowest had I
think about 3 to four million
subscribers per channel, dude. It's
[__] insane. and he streams Roblox
all day. And just to be clear, Roblox
apparently is one of the highest and
continuing to be the highest level of
interest games that exists for a wide
range of demographics, but mainly kids
in this case. I want to be really clear
when I say this. The growth of Roblox as
a game and it becoming more and more and
more popular as time continues to go on
will directly correlate to his level of
growth and revenue that he experiences
on his YouTube channels. Okay. soon as
Roblox starts to contract, his channel
viewership, his channel subscribers, the
rate in which he's continuing to grow
and likely his revenue will start to
contract. Okay, so that's kind of the
big risk of attaching yourself to a
trend. You have that probability that
you are officially exposed to. Now, in
terms of funnels, they did it all
through call funnels. They got all the
way up there to call funnels. They
started to kind of stall out a bit and
they needed to go far larger with other
types of funnels and work those in.
things like webinars, challenge funnels,
low ticket to high ticket ascension. DM
ads, as you may have known if you've
watched this channel before and heard me
talk about DM ads, generally limited if
you do them from a paid advertising
perspective to a couple hundred grand at
best. So, that's something that could
contribute, I guess, but it's not going
to get them to 10 mil a month, which is
what they're currently focused on. Okay.
Point I'm trying to make though, call
funnels massive, like multi like over 50
sales reps, okay? Sitting there taking
calls all day and they deal with the
same problems that everybody deals with.
Okay? They have show rate issues that
they need to resolve for. They have, you
know, the hiring process of sales
people, the training process of those
sales people, the stick rate of those
sales people, creative testing, every
single thing that everybody deals with
at much smaller levels are just
exacerbated at those greater levels of
spend. Okay, now on to our second trophy
winner for $5 million a month. $5
million a month goes to Mr. Ryan Clog.
Now, this was kind of an unfortunate
trophy to give away, as silly as that
might sound, because we had an inner
circle member who came in super hot. His
name was Seem. Salem joins in all
excited like talking about this feud
that he had with Ryan clog like a
friendly feud to be clear where they
were on the race to who could get to 5
million a month sooner. At the time they
were both around 3 million a month but
they had sat down and essentially made a
bet and said who can get there first.
Okay. Now just to be clear unfortunately
Ryan got there first and so we have to
give him a trophy as a result of him
beating one of our inner circle members
who again is still stuck around that
like 3-ish million a month mark. Ryan
managed to within months dominate the
[__] out of that competition and clear
substantial numbers. And he did it with
the company that he constantly says he
is associated with and actively running
as one of the co-founders,
warriorbab.com. So if you go check out
Warrior Babe, mainly an info niche
business specifically to women and
transformation of going from wherever
they're currently at to a much fitter,
healthier, better version of themselves.
A classic triedand-rue niche. Okay. And
when you look at a business that does
that amount of revenue, one of the first
things that you really have to consider
is, and I've talked about this
extensively on this channel many times
over, how many people are within that
given demographic that are in market,
right? And I've said things like if you
sell to the sales demographic, if you
sell like sales is one of the number one
niches on earth when it comes to work
demographics for the largest industries
that exist. Think about it in the
context of like the amount of people you
could sell sales training to as an
example or placement offers, right?
There were guys who have unfortunately
since gotten taken down by the FTC as a
result of scaling this offer a bit too
ambitiously and having issues with the
fulfillment side of things, putting a
bunch of [__] reps onto offers. However,
placement offers, right, those have
historically grown massively. Like that
specific business had grown to over 20
plus million dollars on an annual basis.
Okay, the point I'm attempting to make
is when you are in a niche like health
and wellness or like women's
transformations in the health and
wellness category, even more specific
than that, Ryan's probabilities to
achieve these numbers naturally as a
result of participating in a far larger
niche are great. And there's always a
trend like think about a period of time
where there's been a trend where being
fatter is cooler than being fitter,
right? There's always that natural
pressure to get fit, stay fit, and if
you're not fit to go through a
transformative process. Okay? So, as a
category, very important to take note.
Both of these guys that hit these $5
million a month levels had that set of
lessons. They pivoted and were in a
niche that actively was huge, huge trend
and then to be clearer, just massive
markets, okay, massive markets where the
ability for them to spend money
successfully at scale and be at a great
rise in doing so is just a far greater
probability comparatively to thinking by
comparison of like a small geographic
market where you only sell to like
homeowners, right? Or you only sell to
like commercial property owners. You got
to have a large market to have higher
probabilities to make a fuckload more
money when it comes to transacting with
a fuckload more people, right? So
anyway, down to our 1 million a month
winners, which again you'll see are
these gold trophies by comparison. The
$1 million a month winners. In this
case, we have three. We'll start with
Carlton. So Carlton went out of his way
and accomplished this. By the way, I
just want to be fair to Carlton and
saying he does more than a million a
month respectfully to him, but we only
have two trophies in the inner circle.
We have a million a month and we have 5
million a month. So until you have 5
million, you're kind of stuck in
between, right? Anyway, Carlton's model
is a service-based model and he also has
a course component to it. So an
information model as well, depending on
which one of his services or offers you
choose to purchase from him will
determine which one you fall into there.
He is a tax strategist and a really good
one at that. Carlton is, you could
argue, at the literal top of that
specific niche, both in terms of revenue
and in terms of his social presence,
quality of his content, the consistency
of his content, and more importantly,
his advertising efforts. He's a
combination of both, right? Both of
these sources, organic and paid,
contribute to what he does. And most of
that revenue, very important to note,
comes from what we call the chunk
method, which is a combination of a few
specific variables. Challenge funnels,
webinars, call funnels, it's a mix,
right? Though to be fair, give or take
the month. There's some significant
revenue differences, give or take a
specific funnel, like a challenge funnel
as an example happening. And then
there's other months where you're just
limited to your daily lead flow. That'll
naturally create some fluctuations, but
he's very consistently above that
number. So congratulations to Carlton.
He's getting his first trophy from us
being a part of Jeremy's inner circle.
We're very proud of what he's
accomplished. Done a tremendous job.
Service based businesses, especially
service-based businesses like Carlton's
that sell to rich people, they have the
ability to sell to fewer people, but at
a much higher price per customer. And as
a result, the math becomes really easy
when you're talking about million-dollar
months. So his million a month, as an
example, is let's say that he sells a
$50,000 service, which to be clear, he
didn't do in this particular instance.
This is just a math example. You need 20
people to buy at 50K in order to hit the
million a month, right? If I sold
something at 25K, I just doubled the
number. I need 40 people. You see what
I'm trying to say? It's like the math
becomes far easier when you talk about
total customers you need to sell. That
can complicate your fulfillment relative
to what you sell. Of course, when you
sell for that level of pricing, but
that's a completely different lesson for
another video. Point I'm trying to make
here is Carlton does challenge funnels,
webinars, call funnels, combination of
all of it. So, he follows the logic of
our chunk method strategy where not just
one channel makes all the revenue, but
several channels make up the total
revenue. And we're really excited to be
able to inevitably, it feels like, get
him to the 5 million a month level. Very
exciting time for him and his business.
So, again, congratulations to Carlton
and everything he's accomplished. So,
that lesson specifically, if you break
that one down, they are selling to rich
people. Okay? They are selling towards
the rich. Okay? And when you sell to
rich people, the numbers just become a
little easier typically. Okay? So, these
next two, the $1 million a month awards
that we have left, one of them in
particular, I'm not going to say his
name out of respect for the guy so I can
be a little more detailed with you. He
had been in the inner circle for a
relatively good period of time. I want
to say he's been in there at least 3
years, maybe getting close to his fourth
year now, but for sure around 3 years.
And this guy in particular, he has
historically been an organicon business.
All of his revenue was coming from info
for this specific award that we're
sitting here talking about. This
particular guy also has other revenue
sources, but again, I'm just not
factoring those into what we're sitting
here communicating. For his info offer
in particular, that's why he joined the
inner circle. That's what he wanted to
grow and that's what he wanted to scale.
Now, initially, he joined in with the
intent of I want to learn paid
advertising. It took him a little longer
than than some people, but he learned it
and he learned it at the perfect time.
Okay, when he joined in, he was stuck
around give or take the month like call
it four to maybe upwards at the best
months like 600k a month. Okay, and his
organic revenue started to take a hit.
Through time, the algorithm kind of
started suppressing his reach. And so,
as a result of that, his content was
getting less and less views. He really
thrived during like the co Tik Tok era.
That's where he grew a tremendous
following and had a lot of people
watching his stuff. And then as time
passed, that content just got
suppressed. So, by the time that he
comes to me in this particular instance,
he'd been in the group for a fair bit of
time. You he sits down vulnerably with
me at at a lunch in particular, and he
was like, you know, I'm just getting
absolutely [__] on over here. I'm at
like 300k a month now. You know, I'm
really fed up with this. like you know
I'm wondering what I need to do and this
guy who's teaching an offer copywriting
specifically that it just made so much
more sense for him to attach himself to
the AI trend as to we talked about
towards the beginning of this video I
didn't in any way shape or form want him
to like sell all these other AI services
I was like dude just understand what
people want like they want an easy to
learn business model essentially there's
a business opportunity that you're
trying to teach people at the very least
like a skill acquisition opportunity
that's going to lead to money okay
whether they freelance or like become an
agency owner regardless you're you're
teaching them something that makes
money, okay? They naturally would want
that to be easier. He was actively
selling against AI. He was trying to say
like, "No, you want to learn this skill.
You want to like master these things
yourself." And I told him that was
silly. I was like, "That's not really
what people want. I think you should
sell with AI instead." So, he's a man of
action. He went back home immediately
started doing that. And he right away,
just with that change alone, got back up
to his baseline in that like 4 to 600K
range. Okay. From here, his organic
content was still continuing to get
suppressed. And he had to pivot to the
paid advertising solution. And he
started doing that. And that's how he
achieved his million-doll a month trophy
that we're giving him here. I can't
stress this enough. Like, this is a very
interesting lesson. The timing of when
to do what matters a lot, right? The
pressure of the situation really
increased his willingness to get to the
point where paid advertising worked for
him. It's an unfortunate thing to have
to sit there and try to emphasize the
lesson of like sometimes pressure can be
great because you ideally don't want to
have to be in high pressure situations
to be able to achieve great outcomes and
great results. I I can't stress it
enough though like in this particular
case per usual it worked out
tremendously well for this guy. So a
majority of that revenue by far now and
a minority by far minority organic
majority paid advertising revenue which
is a phenomenal transition. A lot of
people come to us for help on those
kinds of things and we do really well
with that kind of stuff. Just to be
extremely clear on this, his was also
the chunk method call funnels and
webinars but mainly call funnels. huge
contribution from CallFunnels. Currently
though, testing other funnels to try to
start working them in to his overall mix
to strengthen the amount of revenue he's
able to produce. Can't stress this
enough. There are a lot of great lessons
in this one, but the main one that I
want to make really clear is you have to
know when to transition. Okay? And
sometimes transitioning can come from
like a nice healthy pressure. Sometimes
transitioning in this particular
instance can come from like stop being
attached to the old thing, detach from
it and start attaching to the new thing
instead. Very important to consider.
Okay, last but not least by any means,
it's our final trophy winner. I love
this specific story. So, this guy joins
into the inner circle. He was around
500k, give or take the month, all the
way up to around 800K a month, okay? And
this guy in particular has a crypto
offer where he's got a crypto
mastermind. You join into it. It's
extensive course library you get access
to in a community of other people, but
it's geared towards rich people. It's
geared towards people that already have
like a baseline amount of money that
they can essentially gamble with in the
crypto markets. and he teaches them all
kinds of things. He teaches them all the
way to like gambling strategies
essentially with things like memecoins
all the way over to much more
traditional like long-term oriented
investing. And it's a very it's a very
great mastermind this guy's got. So he
joins in. And by the way, this is an
Australian that joins in. We're hosted
here in Miami, Florida. He didn't give a
[__] at all about being able to come to
a mastermind, but he'll be flying more
than 25 hours to collect his award and
come give us a talk on exactly what he
did in these lessons I'm about to sit
here and tell you in much more depth, of
course. Moral of the story is this
Australian man with this crypto
mastermind offer sitting around 500 to
800K a month comes in learns webinars
from our perspective of how we execute
them. We have this large SOP on
mastering webinars. We also have several
weekly group calls on webinars. We have
mastermind talks dedicated just to
webinars. A lot of information simply
put on webinars. This guy goes through
all of it. Just binges this [__] and he
gets enough confidence to set aside a
gambling budget for paid advertising for
this next webinar he was going to do for
$85,000. Okay, this is in his first
month, which I can't stress enough. I'm
not trying to imply in any way, shape,
or form that you join in and you're
about to do what this guy did. Okay,
this is extremely rare. I think
literally I've seen this happen one time
for this exact story that I'm sitting
here telling you. This is by no means
common. And again, I'm not in any way,
shape, or form trying to emphasize that
you're going to be able to repeat this
level of result if you join into the
inner circle, especially not in the
first month. But this guy did, okay?
Okay. And this is what he went out and
did. Spent $85,000 on a webinar and this
guy cranked $800,000
from that webinar. Now you couple that
with the revenue that he was already
making in a month. Bam. The guy clears
more than a million dollar a month.
Okay? And now he gets himself a nice
trophy. Flies literally all over the
world, but comes over here to Miami,
Florida to get his trophy present to us
as all of these specific trophy winners
are doing. They collect their award.
They give a little 30-minute talk on all
the top lessons that they learned to us
here in Jeremy's inner circle at our
facility in Miami, Florida. We do
masterminds four times a year. We do
one-on-one calls twice a month that you
can book, weekly group calls, Saturdays.
We obviously record them all, put them
into a giant training library for you.
We record all our historical
masterminds. Have a training library
with those for you as well. Access to
Jeremy AI, a group chat that's extremely
active, an SOP library of 30 plus SOPs
on all my ad strategies and best
practices. Everything in there is meant
to help rich people get a fuckload
richer. So, we do things like this. We
celebrate big wins. We don't celebrate
anything smaller than a million a month.
And currently, we celebrate all the way
up to 5 million a month. Very excited
for the new problem of having to find a
trophy supplier for an even larger
trophy for our $10 million a month
award. Cuz currently these $5 million a
month awards, these ones in particular,
are made of actual silver when you hit
the 5 million a month. So, pretty cool
stuff we got going on here. Thank you so
much for watching today's video. I hope
you go out there and get richer
yourself. And listen, at the very least,
whether you check out those links down
in the description and consider actually
spending some money with me so I can
help you further, or whether you just go
watch some of my additional YouTube
videos that I have for you here today
and every week ongoing, I encourage you
to go out there and get richer
regardless. Toxin.